---
layout: post
title: "It is better to select a job in the same field as their parents than to choose a different career for themselves."
---

Many people always say, “Find your own way to live and Do what you love”. And I agree with this idea to some extent. However, it is little irresponsible to encourage young people to venture. There must be no one who denies that having close professional supporters is a great thing. So, I believe that it is better to have a same job as one’s parents if possible. By doing that, we can get several benefits such as easily getting an information of real experiences and saving initial cost to start a new business.

To begin with, it is very imperative to get knowledge about certain field for successful business and the more realistic it is, the better. There are many things can be gotten with books or online searching. However, even if you get some information from that kind of things, it could be too idealistic and show only scenes that is far from real world. But your parents were experts in that field, you could get help that is never found online. For example of one of my friends, My friend hope to be an architect and his father is working as it. By talking many times with his father, he realized that important things to architect are not only good design skill but also being good at dealing with physical workers. He heard that what ruin a project is problems between people in many cases. So, he could practice communicating with people before being an architect.

The top of that, you can save many initial costs to start a business. For example, one of my cousins is working as bakers. He inherited the store and equipment for running bakery from his parents. So, he could save almost cost to start new bakery and keep regular customers. It have made him concentrate only breads that he makes without caring initial cost including money and making new customers.

For these reasons. I think getting a same job as one’s parents is absolutely beneficial than just starting a new business lonely. Because, it helps to save initial cost and get valuable information made from real experiences.
