As everything in life is like a coin that has two different sides, people must weigh the pros and cons before jumping info conclusions. After all, each and every question or topic requires careful deliberation in that there are always multiple variables to a truth. Even though some may adamantly believe that the internet is detrimental to students to learn, I strongly think such opinion lacks coherence to some extent. In my humble opinion, it is nothing short of impossible to think that student can learn more effectively with the help of the internet for the following reasons.
First and foremost, the majority of individuals would agree with the notion that the world wide web makes many knowledges easy to access to everyone and anywhere. The main reason behind this rationale is that acquiring a knowledge was not that easy in the past. In other words, if it were not with internet, students couldn’t search easily what they want to know. A great example of this would be students in the twenty centuries. At that time, if a student is curious about some topic then he or she has to go library and search books involved with the topic. Even finding a proper book was not easy. Even if a student gets a book about the topic, it does not guarantee that it includes what they exactly want to acquire.
On top of this, there are so many free internet lectures which can make a student as an expert no matter what they want to be. These are even effective in terms of time and cost. In addition, there are many online platforms which offer professional knowledges in any fields. For instance, the online lecture platform called “coursera” offers a lot of free lectures which are recorded at Famous universities such as Harvard, Stanford so on.
In summation, yes, it is virtually impossible to provide a completely satisfying answer to an open-ended question. Although the jury may be out on this given essay topic, we can come to a mutual agreement that with the help of the internet, students can learn more effectively due to the reasons and details mentioned above.
