As everything in life is like a coin that has two different sides, people must weigh the pros and cons before jumping into conclusions. After all, each and every question or topic requires careful deliberations in that there are always multiple variables to a truth. Even though some may adamantly believe that teenagers can control themselves at all and decide everything which is involved with them, I strongly think such opinion lacks coherence to some extent. In my humble opinion, it is nothing short of impossible to think that teenagers are more influenced by their friends than anyone else for the following reasons.
First and foremost, the majority of individuals would agree with the notion that teenagers tend to follow their peers’ behavior no matter how it is detrimental. The main reason behind this rationale is that teenagers are not matured to decide what can be accepted by the society. A great example of this would be that teenager crimes tend to be rather brutal than normal illegal crimes. Recently, in media, “wi-fi shuttle” is an issue. It means a child who is always turning his or her hotspot tethering to provide free wi-fi to strong students. The students who enjoy free wi-fi from their peer don’t feel any guilty and rather show off their power by doing so. It indicates that teenagers are not enough socialized yet.
On top of this, considering the fashion trends of teenagers, we can realize how they are sensitive about how they look and how others see them. Teenagers fashion trends are changing very quickly more than adult’s ones. For instance, when I was a child, padding jacket from brand called “north face” was really popular so 70% of my friends purchased that padding jacket since they can’t make rational choice.
In summation, yes, it is virtually impossible to provide a completely satisfying answer to an open-ended question. Although the jury may be out on this given essay topic, we can come to a mutual agreement that teenagers are more influenced by their friends than anyone else due to the reasons and details mentioned above. With the help of the internet, students can learn more effectively
