---
layout: post
title: "The news media is a reliable source of unbiased information."
---

## disagree
Many people believe that the news media is a reliable source of unbiased information. And I often agree this idea. However, I think it is not always true. Because, the news programs and newspapers tend to not only seek their own benefit but also focus only the popularity of crowds even if the news which they make is not true.

To begin with, I think there are numerous news media and they have related each other very complicatedly in interests. So, they tend to manipulate the public to think that their opponent news companies make negative impacts on our society. And the worst thing is that the news medias are too smart that people realize the news medias are lying for their own benefits. For instance, in Korea, the news media “Josun” have been an old enemy of other news media “Hangyurae”. And the opposite of this is same. The fighting between them is related with huge companies and politicians. So, they blame each other every day in purpose secretly.

On top of that, the news media are not focusing the key point of event, but they are more focusing an aspect that attract people just as gossip. For example, recently, in Korea, some actors secretly record videos that they sex with other actress. It is really an unforgivable crime. However, the news media focused who the actress is. Because, it is more attract people’s attentions. The news media rather hurt the victim than protect her.

To sum up, the new media is not always honest. Because, they have related very complicatedly in interests and make the truth blurred to attract people’s attention. So, we have to try to improve our own insights to look the truth.
